Blackjack, also known as twenty-one, is the most widely played casino banking game in the world.
 Blackjack is a comparing card
 game between a player and dealer, meaning that players compete against the dealer but not against any other players. 
 It is played with one deck of 52 cards. The object of the game is to "beat the dealer", which can be done in a number of ways:
•	Get 21 points on the player's first two cards (called a blackjack), without a dealer blackjack;
•	Reach a final score higher than the dealer without exceeding 21; or
•	Let the dealer draw additional cards until his or her hand exceeds 21.
The players' object is to win money by creating card totals that turn out to be higher than the dealer's hand but do not 
exceed 21 ("busting"/"breaking"), or alternatively by allowing the dealer to take additional cards until he/she busts.
 On their turn, players must choose whether to "hit" (take a card) or "stand" (end their turn).
Number cards count as their natural value; the jack, queen, and king (also known as "face cards" or "pictures") count as 10;
 aces are valued as either 1 or 11 (if player already has ace, another one counts as 1, if player doesn’t have ace – the first one counts as 11).
  If the hand value exceeds 21 points, it busts, and all bets on it are immediately forfeit.
The player and the dealer are each dealt two cards initially with one of the dealer's cards being dealt faced down (his hole card).
 The player may then ask for the dealer to repeatedly "hit" his hand by dealing him another card.
  If, at any point, the value of the player's hand exceeds 21, the player is "busted" and loses immediately.
   At any point prior to busting, the player may "stand" and the dealer will then hit his hand until the value of his hand is 17 or more. 
   (For the dealer, aces count as 11 unless it causes the dealer's hand to bust). If the dealer busts, the player wins. 
   Otherwise, the player and dealer then compare the values of their hands and the hand with the higher value wins.
    The dealer wins ties.
If round is still in play, then dealer’s first card shouldn’t be displayed.
We would also like to have score counter that keeps track of wins and losses for the Blackjack session. 
if you win and the round is odd, then multiply this chips that you won  by 2, if the round is even, then multiply by 3. And the total  
that is displayed is your wins score minus your losses score
. You could also about more sophisticated betting/scoring system (instead of wins score minus your losses score).

how to play ???
firstly you choose how many chips you want to gamble in , and click on start game , then you click hit or stand .and a message pop up 
that show you if you won or lose. and if you won you got the same chips you gambled in or double chips
